excuse me
Excuse me,I think this is yours? 
pardon,pardon,pardon.pardon.
This is my house?
This is my passport.
Is this your passport?

good moring.good afternoon,good,evening,
good night.
student,
French,German,German,German.She is German,
She is German.Japanese,Japanese,Korean
Korean,Korean.Chinese.Chinese,Chinese.
Chinese,Chinese,Chinese,Chinese,Chinese.
Mandarin,Cantonese.
nationality,nationality,nationality,nationality.
What nationality are you.
Where are you from?
engineer,engineer,engineer.
nationality.
What' her job?
Is she a policewoman or an air hostess?
She isn't an air hostess.
She's a policewoman.
air hostess.air hostess.air hostess.
hair dresser,mechanic,mechanic,nures,nurse,nurse,truth
nurse,mechanic,mechanic,postman,air hostess,
air hostess,mechanic,mechanic,nurs,police,police,
filght attendant.flight attendant,flight attendant.
flight attendant.flight attendant.
nurse,nurse,housewife.nurse,houswife.What's her job?
mechanic,mechanic,hairdresser,
engineer,engineer,engineer,engineer,nationality,
different,different,different,different,different,different,
different,different,different,different,different,different,
different,different,different.same,same,same,same,same,the same,
It is different.It is different. They are the same.
tourist,tourist,tourist,tourist,medicine,medicine,
headache,stomach ache.
medium,medium,medium,medium,medium,medium,medium,medium,medium,
medium.medium,medium,medium,medium,meiudm,medium,medium,medium,

Lesson 27 homework.

How many bottles are there on the table?
There are two bottles on the table.

How many desks are there in the living room?
There are three desks in the living room.

How many books are there on the shelf?
There are ten books on the shelf.

How many mouses are there on the table?
There are four mouse on the table.

How many keyboards are there in the picture?
There are two keyboard in the picture.

How many chairs are there on the floor?
There are three chairs on the floor.

How many boxes are there in the living room?
There are two boxes in the living room.

How many electric fans are there in the living room?
There are two electric fans in the living room.

How many shoes are there near the door?
There are eight shoes near the door.

How many plats are there in the cupboard?
There are ten plats in the cupboard.

How many iPhones are there in the box?
There are four iPhones in the box.

How many boxes are there on the shelf?
There are two boxes on the shelf.

How many houses are there in the picture?
There are two houses in the picture.

How many cups are there in the cupboard?
There are three cups in the cupboard.

How many watches are there on the refrigerator?
There are two wahches on the refrigerator.









